[NET-5327] Templated policies api/cli docs (#19270)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

If you are using non-default partitions and namespaces with Consul-k8s, we recommend explicitly defining these fields for all upstreams in addition to ensuring that accurate
service-defaults are configured in each partition and namespace before upgrading. Doing so ensures that no unexpected protocol changes occur during the upgrade.

#### ACL tokens with templated policies

> [ACL templated policies](/consul/docs/security/acl#templated-policies) were added to 1.17.0 to simplify obtaining the right permissions for ACL tokens. When performing [rolling upgrades](/consul/tutorials/datacenter-operations/upgrade-federated-environment#server-rolling-upgrade), if an older consul version (prior to 1.17.x) is presented with a token 
> that was created with a newer consul version (1.17.x and above) that contains templated policies, the templated policies field would not be recognized hence your token might not have the necessary permissions expected on the older version of consul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ACL templated policies](/consul/docs/security/acl#templated-policies) were added to 1.17.0 to simplify obtaining the right permissions for ACL tokens. When performing a [rolling upgrade](/consul/tutorials/datacenter-operations/upgrade-federated-environment#server-rolling-upgrade) and a version of Consul prior to 1.17.x is presented with a token created Consul v1.17.x or newer that contains templated policies, the templated policies field is not recognized. As a result, the token might not have the expected permissions on the older version of Consul.
```
